Fix memory layout of UnionNode<T> in pool module (#606)
rust-embedded/heapless: CHANGELOG.md

- CI now uses flags specified in `Cargo.toml` for `rustdoc` tests.
- Fixed clippy lints.

> - The `UnionNode<T>` in `pool` now has the correct memory layout for reinterpreting it as a pointer to `T`

Reviewer: This is not a publicly visible change, readers of the changelog don't need to worry that it may be impacting their code.

```suggestion
- Fixed the memory layout of the internal `UnionNode<T>` type, fixing possible Undefined Behaviour.
```
